chore: update jsapi-resources to use 4.32 of the js maps sdk (#555)
Esri/jsapi-resources: core-samples/jsapi-angular-cli/README.md

  ],
```

> - Currently, due to limitations in TypeScript, the APIs [autocasting](https://developers.arcgis.com/javascript/latest/programming-patterns/#autocasting) functionality works best in non-TypeScript applications. No changes are required if you are already using the API without any TypeScript build errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Due to limitations in TypeScript, the APIs [autocasting](https://developers.arcgis.com/javascript/latest/programming-patterns/#autocasting) functionality prior to version 4.32 works best in non-TypeScript applications. No changes are required if you are already using the API without any TypeScript build errors.
```
